docs/docs/roadmap.md, before:

# Development Road Map

!!! Current Release
    v0.0.0 ALPHA - This is technically a pre-release, as such there are no release notes and no version. The first version will be version v0.1.0 and will provide a list of release notes with any breaking changes


Feature placement is not set in stone. This is much more of a guideline than anything else.

## v1.0 Road Map

### Frontend
- [ ] Login / Logout Navigation
    * [ ] Initial Page
    * [ ] Logic / Function Calls
    * [ ] Password Reset
### Backend
- [ ] User Setup
    * [ ] Authentication
    * [ ] Default Admin/Superuser Account
    * [ ] Password Reset
    * [ ] User Accounts
    * [ ] Edit / Delete

## v0.1.0
### Front End

- [ ] Recipe Editor
    * [ ] Basic Form Validation
- [ ] Recipe Viewer
    * [ ] Print Page View - Like King Arthur Website
    * [ ] Total Time Indicator
    * [ ] Bake Time


### Backend
- [ ] Recipe Data
    * [x] Better Scraper
    * [ ] Image Minification
    * [x] Scraper Data Validation
- [ ] Category Management
    * [ ] Lunch / Dinner / Breakfast <- Meal Generation 
    * [ ] Dessert / Side / Appetizer / Bread / Drinks / 
- [ ] Backup Options
    * [ ] Force Update
    * [ ] Rebuild

Commit message:

Version Release Final Touches (#84)
* Remove slim

* bug: opacity issues

* bug: startup failure with no database

* ci/cd on dev branch

* formatting

* v0.1.0 documentation

Co-authored-by: Hayden <hay-kot@pm.me>

docs/docs/roadmap.md, after:

# Development Road Map

!!! Current Release
    v0.1.0 BETA - This is technically a pre-release, as such take care to backup data and be aware that breaking changes in future releases are a real possibility.


Feature placement is not set in stone. This is much more of a guideline than anything else.

## v x.x.x - No planned target, but eventually...

### Frontend
- [ ] Login / Logout Navigation
    * [ ] Initial Page
    * [ ] Logic / Function Calls
    * [ ] Password Reset
### Backend
- [ ] Image Minification
- [ ] User Setup
    * [ ] Authentication
    * [ ] Default Admin/Superuser Account
    * [ ] Password Reset
    * [ ] User Accounts
    * [ ] Edit / Delete

## v0.2.0 - Targets


!!! error "MAJOR BREAKING CHANGE"
        MongoDB will no longer be supported as of v0.2.0. Review the database migration page for details on migration to SQL (It's very easy)

## New Features
### Frontend
- [ ] Advanced search
    - [ ] Category Filter
    - [ ] Tag Filter
    - [x] Fuzzy Search
- [ ] Backup card redesign
- [ ] Additional Backup / Import Features
    - [ ] Import Recipes Force/Rebase options
    - [ ] Upload .zip file
- [ ] Improved Color Picker
- [ ] Meal Plan redesign
### Backend
- [ ] PostgreSQL Support
- [ ] Setup SQL Migrations

## Breaking Changes
- Internal port 9000 changed to port 80 for better Traefik support
- MongoDB support dropped
## Code Chores
- [ ] Remove MongoDB Interface Code
- [ ] Dockerfile Trim
