docs/docs/documentation/getting-started/introduction.md, before:

# About The Project

Mealie is a self hosted recipe manager and meal planner with a RestAPI backend and a reactive frontend application built in Vue for a pleasant user experience for the whole family. Easily add recipes into your database by providing the url and Mealie will automatically import the relevant data or add a family recipe with the UI editor. Mealie also provides an API for interactions from 3rd party applications. 

[Remember to join the Discord](https://discord.gg/QuStdQGSGK)

!!! note
    In some of the demo gifs the styling may be different than the finale application. demos were done during development prior to finale styling.

!!! warning
    This is a **BETA** release and that means things may break and or change down the line. I'll do my best to make sure that any API changes are thoughtful and necessary in order not to break things. Additionally, I'll do my best to provide a migration path if the database schema ever changes. Do not use programs like watchtower to auto update your container. You **WILL** run into issues if you do this!


## Key Features
- 🔍 Fuzzy search
- 🏷️ Tag recipes with categories or tags to flexible sorting
- 🕸 Import recipes from around the web by URL
- 📱 Progressive Web App
- 📆 Create Meal Plans
- 🛒 Generate shopping lists
- 🐳 Easy setup with Docker
- 🎨 Customize your interface with color themes layouts
- 💾 Export all your data in any format with Jinja2 Templates, with easy data restoration from the user interface.
- 🌍 localized in many languages
- ➕ Plus tons more!
    - Flexible API
        - Custom key/value pairs for recipes
        - Webhook support
        - Interactive API Documentation thanks to [FastAPI](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/) and [Swagger](https://petstore.swagger.io/)
    - Raw JSON Recipe Editor
    - Migration from other platforms
        - Chowdown
        - Nextcloud Cookbook
    - Random meal plan generation

## FAQ

### Why An API?
An API allows integration into applications like [Home Assistant](https://www.home-assistant.io/) that can act as notification engines to provide custom notifications based of Meal Plan data to remind you to defrost the chicken, marinade the steak, or start the CrockPot. Additionally, you can access nearly any backend service via the API giving you total control to extend the application. To explore the API spin up your server and navigate to http://yourserver.com/docs for interactive API documentation. 

### Why a Database?
Some users of static-site generator applications like ChowDown have expressed concerns about their data being stuck in a database. Considering this is a new project it is a valid concern to be worried about your data. Mealie specifically addresses this concern by provided automatic daily backups that export your data in json, plain-text markdown files, and/or custom Jinja2 templates. **This puts you in controls of how your data is represented** when exported from Mealie, which means you can easily migrate to any other service provided Mealie doesn't work for you. 

As to why we need a database?

- **Developer Experience:** Without a database a lot of the work to maintain your data is taken on by the developer instead of a battle tested platform for storing data. 
- **Multi User Support:** With a solid database as backend storage for your data Mealie can better support multi-user sites and avoid read/write access errors when multiple actions are taken at the same time. 

## Built With

* [Vue.js](https://vuejs.org/)
* [Vuetify](https://vuetifyjs.com/en/)
* [FastAPI](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/)
* [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)

<!-- ROADMAP -->
## Road Map

[See Roadmap](../../roadmap.md)


<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, develop, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**. See the [Contributors Guide](../../contributors/non-coders.md) for help getting started.

If you are not a coder, you can still contribute financially. Financial contributions help me prioritize working on this project over others and help me to know that there is a real demand for project development. 

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/haykot" target="_blank"><img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/v2/default-green.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" style="height: 60px !important;width: 217px !important;" ></a>

Commit message:

cleanup docs for v1 beta-release

docs/docs/documentation/getting-started/introduction.md, after:

# About The Project

!!! warning "Mealie v1 Beta Release"
    This documentation if for the Mealie v1 Beta release and is not final. As such, it may contain incomplete or incorrect information. You should understand that installing Mealie v1 Beta is a work in progress and while we've committed to maintaining the database schema and provided migrations, we are still in the process of adding new features, and robust testing to ensure the application works as expected.

    You should likely find bugs, errors, and unfinished pages within the application. To find the current status of the release you can checkout the [project on github](https://github.com/hay-kot/mealie/projects/7) or reach out on discord.

    You should also be aware that Mealie v1 Beta does not have the backup/export feature available. This is the next priority for Mealie v1
    and is currently being worked out. 

Mealie is a self hosted recipe manager and meal planner with a RestAPI backend and a reactive frontend application built in Vue for a pleasant user experience for the whole family. Easily add recipes into your database by providing the url and Mealie will automatically import the relevant data or add a family recipe with the UI editor. Mealie also provides an API for interactions from 3rd party applications. 

[Remember to join the Discord](https://discord.gg/QuStdQGSGK)




## Key Features
- 🔍 Fuzzy search
- 🏷️ Tag recipes with categories or tags to flexible sorting
- 🕸 Import recipes from around the web by URL
- 📱 Progressive Web App
- 📆 Create Meal Plans
- 🛒 Generate shopping lists
- 🐳 Easy setup with Docker
- 🎨 Customize your interface with color themes layouts
- 💾 Export all your data in any format with Jinja2 Templates, with easy data restoration from the user interface.
- 🌍 localized in many languages
- ➕ Plus tons more!
    - Flexible API
        - Custom key/value pairs for recipes
        - Webhook support
        - Interactive API Documentation thanks to [FastAPI](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/) and [Swagger](https://petstore.swagger.io/)
    - Raw JSON Recipe Editor
    - Migration from other platforms
        - Chowdown
        - Nextcloud Cookbook
    - Random meal plan generation

## FAQ

### Why An API?
An API allows integration into applications like [Home Assistant](https://www.home-assistant.io/) that can act as notification engines to provide custom notifications based of Meal Plan data to remind you to defrost the chicken, marinade the steak, or start the CrockPot. Additionally, you can access nearly any backend service via the API giving you total control to extend the application. To explore the API spin up your server and navigate to http://yourserver.com/docs for interactive API documentation. 

### Why a Database?
Some users of static-site generator applications like ChowDown have expressed concerns about their data being stuck in a database. Considering this is a new project it is a valid concern to be worried about your data. Mealie specifically addresses this concern by provided automatic daily backups that export your data in json, plain-text markdown files, and/or custom Jinja2 templates. **This puts you in controls of how your data is represented** when exported from Mealie, which means you can easily migrate to any other service provided Mealie doesn't work for you. 

As to why we need a database?

- **Developer Experience:** Without a database a lot of the work to maintain your data is taken on by the developer instead of a battle tested platform for storing data. 
- **Multi User Support:** With a solid database as backend storage for your data Mealie can better support multi-user sites and avoid read/write access errors when multiple actions are taken at the same time. 

## Built With

* [Vue.js](https://vuejs.org/)
* [Vuetify](https://vuetifyjs.com/en/)
* [FastAPI](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/)
* [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)

<!-- ROADMAP -->
## Road Map

[See Roadmap](../../roadmap.md)


<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, develop, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**. See the [Contributors Guide](../../contributors/non-coders.md) for help getting started.

If you are not a coder, you can still contribute financially. Financial contributions help me prioritize working on this project over others and help me to know that there is a real demand for project development. 

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/haykot" target="_blank"><img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/v2/default-green.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" style="height: 60px !important;width: 217px !important;" ></a>
