docs/docs/documentation/getting-started/installation/postgres.md, before:

# Installing with PostgreSQL

Postgres support was introduced in v0.5.0. At this point it should be used with caution and frequent backups.

**For Environmental Variable Configuration See:**

- [Frontend Configuration](/mealie/documentation/getting-started/installation/frontend-config/)
- [Backend Configuration](/mealie/documentation/getting-started/installation/backend-config/)

```yaml
---
version: "3.7"
services:
  mealie-frontend:
    image: hkotel/mealie:frontend-nightly
    container_name: mealie-frontend
    depends_on:
      - mealie-api
    environment:
    # Set Frontend ENV Variables Here
      - ALLOW_SIGNUP=true
      - API_URL=http://mealie-api:9000
    restart: always
    ports:
      - "9925:3000"
    volumes:
      - mealie-data:/app/data/      
  mealie-api:
    image: hkotel/mealie:api-nightly
    container_name: mealie-api
    depends_on:
      - postgres
    volumes:
      - mealie-data:/app/data/
    environment:
    # Set Backend ENV Variables Here
      - PUID=1000
      - PGID=1000
      - TZ=America/Anchorage
      - MAX_WORKERS=1
      - WEB_CONCURRENCY=1
      - BASE_URL=https://mealie.yourdomain.com

    # Database Settings
      - DB_ENGINE=postgres
      - POSTGRES_USER=mealie
      - POSTGRES_PASSWORD=mealie
      - POSTGRES_SERVER=postgres
      - POSTGRES_PORT=5432
      - POSTGRES_DB=mealie
    restart: always
  postgres:
    container_name: postgres
    image: postgres
    restart: always
    environment:
      POSTGRES_PASSWORD: mealie
      POSTGRES_USER: mealie

volumes:
  mealie-data:
    driver: local
```

Commit message:

Feature/database backups (#1040)
* add annotations to docs

* alchemy data dumper

* initial tests

* sourcery refactor

* db backups/restore

* potential postgres fix

* potential postgres fix

* this is terrible

* potential pg fix

* cleanup

* remove unused import

* fix comparison

* generate frontend types

* update timestamp and add directory filter

* rewrite to new admin-api

* update backup routers

* add file_token response helper

* update imports

* remove test_backup

docs/docs/documentation/getting-started/installation/postgres.md, after:

# Installing with PostgreSQL

Postgres support was introduced in v0.5.0. At this point it should be used with caution and frequent backups.

**For Environmental Variable Configuration See:**

- [Frontend Configuration](/mealie/documentation/getting-started/installation/frontend-config/)
- [Backend Configuration](/mealie/documentation/getting-started/installation/backend-config/)

```yaml
---
version: "3.7"
services:
  mealie-frontend:
    image: hkotel/mealie:frontend-nightly
    container_name: mealie-frontend
    depends_on:
      - mealie-api
    environment:
    # Set Frontend ENV Variables Here
      - ALLOW_SIGNUP=true
      - API_URL=http://mealie-api:9000 # (1)
    restart: always
    ports:
      - "9925:3000" # (2)
    volumes:
      - mealie-data:/app/data/ # (3) 
  mealie-api:
    image: hkotel/mealie:api-nightly
    container_name: mealie-api
    depends_on:
      - postgres
    volumes:
      - mealie-data:/app/data/
    environment:
    # Set Backend ENV Variables Here
      - PUID=1000
      - PGID=1000
      - TZ=America/Anchorage
      - MAX_WORKERS=1
      - WEB_CONCURRENCY=1
      - BASE_URL=https://mealie.yourdomain.com

    # Database Settings
      - DB_ENGINE=postgres
      - POSTGRES_USER=mealie
      - POSTGRES_PASSWORD=mealie
      - POSTGRES_SERVER=postgres
      - POSTGRES_PORT=5432
      - POSTGRES_DB=mealie
    restart: always
  postgres:
    container_name: postgres
    image: postgres
    restart: always
    environment:
      POSTGRES_PASSWORD: mealie
      POSTGRES_USER: mealie

volumes:
  mealie-data:
    driver: local
```

<!-- Updating This? Be Sure to also update the SQLite Annotations -->

1. Whoa whoa whoa, what is this nonsense? The API_URL is the URL the frontend container uses to proxy api requests to the backend server. In this example, the name `mealie-api` resolves to the `mealie-api` container which runs the API server on port 9000. This allows you to access the API without exposing an additional port on the host. 
    <br/> <br/> **Note** that both containers must be on the same docker-network for this to work.
2.  To access the mealie interface you only need to expose port 3000 on the mealie-frontend container. Here we expose port 9925 on the host, feel free to change this to any port you like.
3.  Mounting the data directory to the frontend is now required to access the images/assets directory. This can be mounted read-only. Internally the frontend containers runs a Caddy proxy server that serves the assets requested to reduce load on the backend API.
