docs/docs/contributors/developers-guide/code-contributions.md, before:

# Contributing to Mealie

[Please Join the Discord](https://discord.gg/QuStdQGSGK). We are building a community of developers working on the project.

## We Develop with Github
We use github to host code, to track issues and feature requests, as well as accept pull requests.

## We Use [Github Flow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/index.html), So All Code Changes Happen Through Pull Requests
Pull requests are the best way to propose changes to the codebase (we use [Github Flow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/index.html)). We actively welcome your pull requests: 

1. Fork the repo and create your branch from `dev`.
2. Read the page in in [dev/dev-notes.md](https://github.com/hay-kot/mealie/blob/master/dev/dev-notes.md) to get an idea on where the project is at.
3. If you're interested on working on major changes please get in touch on discord and coordinate with other developers. No sense in doubling up on work if someones already on it. 
4. If you've changed APIs, update the documentation.
5. Issue that pull request!
6. If you make changes to the dev branch reflect those changes in the dev/dev-notes.md to keep track of changes. Don't forget to add your name/handle/identifier! 

## Any contributions you make will be under the MIT Software License
In short, when you submit code changes, your submissions are understood to be under the same [MIT License](http://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) that covers the project. Feel free to contact the maintainers if that's a concern.

## Report bugs using Github's [issues](https://github.com/hay-kot/mealie/issues)
We use GitHub issues to track public bugs. Report a bug by [opening a new issue](https://github.com/hay-kot/mealie/issues/new); it's that easy!

## Write bug reports with detail, background, and sample code
**Great Bug Reports** tend to have:

- A quick summary and/or background
- Steps to reproduce
  - Be specific!
  - Give sample code if you can. [This stackoverflow question](http://stackoverflow.com/q/12488905/180626) includes sample code that *anyone* with a base R setup can run to reproduce what I was seeing
- What you expected would happen
- What actually happens
- Notes (possibly including why you think this might be happening, or stuff you tried that didn't work)

People *love* thorough bug reports. I'm not even kidding.


## License
By contributing, you agree that your contributions will be licensed under its MIT License.

## References
This document was adapted from the open-source contribution guidelines for [Facebook's Draft](https://github.com/facebook/draft-js/blob/a9316a723f9e918afde44dea68b5f9f39b7d9b00/CONTRIBUTING.md)

Commit message:

feature/additional-db (#371)
* add support for setting db_url

* fix tests

* add db_username/password env variables

* init db if super user doesn't exist

* fix tests

* fix tests

* set SQLite default DB_URL

* don't run tests on draft PRs

* add lint/black tests

* add test-all

* spell check settings

* black/flake8

* check format fail

* new badges

* rename workflow

* fix formatting

* remove white-space

* test connection arguments for pg

* format

* add new values to template

* format

* remove old script

* monkeypatch test db

* working docker-compose for postgres

* update docs

* test pg workflow

* format

* add driver

* install w/ poetry

* setup container

* change image

* set database to localhost

* update tests

* set url

* fix url path

* disable cache

* database init

* bust cache

* get by name

Co-authored-by: hay-kot <hay-kot@pm.me>

docs/docs/contributors/developers-guide/code-contributions.md, after:

# Contributing to Mealie

[Please Join the Discord](https://discord.gg/QuStdQGSGK). We are building a community of developers working on the project.

## We Develop with Github
We use github to host code, to track issues and feature requests, as well as accept pull requests.

## We Use [Github Flow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/index.html), So All Code Changes Happen Through Pull Requests
Pull requests are the best way to propose changes to the codebase (we use [Github Flow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/index.html)). We actively welcome your pull requests: 

1. Fork the repo and create your branch from `dev`.
2. Checkout the Discord, the PRs page, or the Projects page to get an idea of what's already being worked on.
3. If you're interested on working on major changes please get in touch on discord and coordinate with other developers. No sense in doubling up on work if someones already on it. 
4. Once you've got an idea of what changes you want to make, create a draft PR as soon as you can to let us know what you're working on and how we can help!
5. If you've changed APIs, update the documentation.
6. Issue that pull request!
7. If you make changes to the dev branch reflect those changes in the active changelog to keep track of changes. Don't forget to add your name/handle/identifier!

## Any contributions you make will be under the MIT Software License
In short, when you submit code changes, your submissions are understood to be under the same [MIT License](http://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) that covers the project. Feel free to contact the maintainers if that's a concern.

## Report bugs using Github's [issues](https://github.com/hay-kot/mealie/issues)
We use GitHub issues to track public bugs. Report a bug by [opening a new issue](https://github.com/hay-kot/mealie/issues/new); it's that easy!

## Write bug reports with detail, background, and sample code
**Great Bug Reports** tend to have:

- A quick summary and/or background
- Steps to reproduce
  - Be specific!
  - Give sample code if you can. [This stackoverflow question](http://stackoverflow.com/q/12488905/180626) includes sample code that *anyone* with a base R setup can run to reproduce what I was seeing
- What you expected would happen
- What actually happens
- Notes (possibly including why you think this might be happening, or stuff you tried that didn't work)

People *love* thorough bug reports. I'm not even kidding.


## License
By contributing, you agree that your contributions will be licensed under its MIT License.

## References
This document was adapted from the open-source contribution guidelines for [Facebook's Draft](https://github.com/facebook/draft-js/blob/a9316a723f9e918afde44dea68b5f9f39b7d9b00/CONTRIBUTING.md)
